README.rst
setup.cfg
setup.py
sceleton/__init__.py
sceleton/cli.py
sceleton/command.py
sceleton.egg-info/PKG-INFO
sceleton.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
sceleton.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
sceleton.egg-info/entry_points.txt
sceleton.egg-info/requires.txt
sceleton.egg-info/top_level.txt
sceleton.egg-info/zip-safe
sceleton/commands/__init__.py
sceleton/commands/add.py
sceleton/commands/build.py
sceleton/commands/classifiers.py
sceleton/commands/init.py
sceleton/commands/install.py
sceleton/commands/keywords.py
sceleton/commands/license.py
sceleton/commands/local.py
sceleton/commands/module.py
sceleton/commands/new.py
sceleton/commands/remove.py
sceleton/commands/sdist.py
sceleton/commands/upload.py
sceleton/commands/user.py
sceleton/commands/venv.py
sceleton/decorators/__init__.py
sceleton/decorators/missing_file.py
sceleton/decorators/subargs.py
sceleton/structure/__init__.py
sceleton/structure/project/__init__.py
sceleton/structure/project/classifier.py
sceleton/structure/project/git.py
sceleton/structure/project/license.py
sceleton/structure/project/package.py
sceleton/structure/project/project.py
sceleton/structure/project/readme.py
sceleton/structure/project/setup_py.py
sceleton/structure/project/venv.py
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Academic Free License (AFL).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Aladdin Free Public License (AFPL).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Apache Software License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Apple Public Source License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Artistic License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Attribution Assurance License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/BSD License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Boost Software License 1.0 (BSL-1.0).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) Public Domain Dedication.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/CEA CNRS Inria Logiciel Libre License, version 2.1 (CeCILL-2.1).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION LICENSE (CDDL).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/CeCILL-B Free Software License Agreement (CECILL-B).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/CeCILL-C Free Software License Agreement (CECILL-C).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Common Development and Distribution License 1.0 (CDDL-1.0).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Common Public License Version 1.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Common Public License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Eclipse Public License - v2.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Eclipse Public License 1.0 (EPL-1).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Eclipse Public License 1.0 (EPL-1.0).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Eclipse Public License 2.0 (EPL-2.0).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Educational Community License, Version 2.0 (ECL-2.0).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Eiffel Forum License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/European Union Public Licence 1.0 (EUPL 1.0).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/European Union Public Licence 1.1 (EUPL 1.1).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/European Union Public Licence 1.2 (EUPL 1.2).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GNU Affero General Public License v3 or later (AGPLv3+).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GNU Free Documentation License (FDL).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GNU General Public License (GPL).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GNU General Public License v2 (GPLv2).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GNU General Public License v3 or later (GPLv3+).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GNU Lesser General Public License v2 or later (LGPLv2+).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GNU Lesser General Public License v2.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GNU Lesser General Public License v3 (LGPLv3).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GUST Font License 1.0.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/GUST-FONT-LICENSE.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/IBM Public License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/ISC License (ISCL).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/MIT License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/MirOS License (MirOS).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Motosoto License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Mozilla Public License 1.0 (MPL).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Mozilla Public License 1.1 (MPL 1.1).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL 2.0).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Nethack General Public License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Nokia Open Source License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Open Group Test Suite License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Open Software License 3.0 (OSL-3.0).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/PostgreSQL License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Python License (CNRI Python License).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Python Software Foundation License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Qt Public License (QPL).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Ricoh Source Code Public License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/SIL Open Font License 1.1 (OFL-1.1).txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Sun Public License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/The Sleepycat License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/University of Illinois-NCSA Open Source License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Vovida Software License 1.0.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/W3C License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/Zope Public License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/licenses/zlib-libpng License.txt
sceleton/structure/project/skeleton/README.txt
sceleton/structure/project/skeleton/classifiers.txt
sceleton/structure/project/skeleton/gitignore.txt
sceleton/structure/project/skeleton/setup.txt
sceleton/structure/user/__init__.py
sceleton/structure/user/user.py
sceleton/structure/user/valid.py