.editorconfig
.gitignore
.travis.yml
CONTRIBUTING.rst
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
requirements_dev.txt
setup.py
tox.ini
data/info.armills.SymbolPlease.desktop
data/symbol_please.png
data/raw/all_spells.json
data/raw/class/Bard
data/raw/class/Cleric
data/raw/class/Druid
data/raw/class/Enchanter
data/raw/class/Magician
data/raw/class/Monk
data/raw/class/Necromancer
data/raw/class/Paladin
data/raw/class/Ranger
data/raw/class/Rogue
data/raw/class/Shadow_Knight
data/raw/class/Shaman
data/raw/class/Warrior
data/raw/class/Wizard
data/raw/spell/Aanyas Animation
data/raw/spell/Aanyas Quickening
data/raw/spell/Abolish Disease
data/raw/spell/Abolish Poison
data/raw/spell/Abscond
data/raw/spell/Abundant Drink
data/raw/spell/Abundant Food
data/raw/spell/Acumen
data/raw/spell/Adorning Grace
data/raw/spell/Aegis
data/raw/spell/Aegis of Ro
data/raw/spell/Aegolism
data/raw/spell/Affliction
data/raw/spell/Agility
data/raw/spell/Alacrity
data/raw/spell/Alliance
data/raw/spell/Allure
data/raw/spell/Allure of Death
data/raw/spell/Allure of the Wild
data/raw/spell/Alluring Aura
data/raw/spell/Alter Plane Hate
data/raw/spell/Alter Plane Sky
data/raw/spell/Anarchy
data/raw/spell/Animate Dead
data/raw/spell/Annul Magic
data/raw/spell/Antidote
data/raw/spell/Arch Lich
data/raw/spell/Arch Shielding
data/raw/spell/Armor of Faith
data/raw/spell/Armor of Protection
data/raw/spell/Asphyxiate
data/raw/spell/Assiduous Vision
data/raw/spell/Asystole
data/raw/spell/Atols Spectral Shackles
data/raw/spell/Atone
data/raw/spell/Augment
data/raw/spell/Augment Death
data/raw/spell/Augmentation
data/raw/spell/Augmentation of Death
data/raw/spell/Avalanche
data/raw/spell/Avatar
data/raw/spell/Bandoleer of Luclin
data/raw/spell/Bane of Nife
data/raw/spell/Banish Summoned
data/raw/spell/Banish Undead
data/raw/spell/Banishment
data/raw/spell/Banishment of Shadows
data/raw/spell/Banshee Aura
data/raw/spell/Barbcoat
data/raw/spell/Barrier of Combustion
data/raw/spell/Bedlam
data/raw/spell/Befriend Animal
data/raw/spell/Beguile
data/raw/spell/Beguile Animals
data/raw/spell/Beguile Plants
data/raw/spell/Beguile Undead
data/raw/spell/Benevolence
data/raw/spell/Berserker Spirit
data/raw/spell/Berserker Strength
data/raw/spell/Bind Affinity
data/raw/spell/Bind Sight
data/raw/spell/Bladecoat
data/raw/spell/Blanket of Forgetfulness
data/raw/spell/Blast of Poison
data/raw/spell/Blaze
data/raw/spell/Blinding Luminance
data/raw/spell/Blizzard
data/raw/spell/Blizzard Blast
data/raw/spell/Bobbing Corpse
data/raw/spell/Boil Blood
data/raw/spell/Bolt of Flame
data/raw/spell/Boltrans Agacerie
data/raw/spell/Boltrans Animation
data/raw/spell/Bond of Death
data/raw/spell/Bonds of Force
data/raw/spell/Bonds of Tunare
data/raw/spell/Bone Walk
data/raw/spell/Boon of Immolation
data/raw/spell/Boon of the Clear Mind
data/raw/spell/Boon of the Garou
data/raw/spell/Bramblecoat
data/raw/spell/Bravery
data/raw/spell/Breath of Karana
data/raw/spell/Breath of Ro
data/raw/spell/Breath of the Dead
data/raw/spell/Breeze
data/raw/spell/Brilliance
data/raw/spell/Bristlebanes Bundle
data/raw/spell/Bulwark of Faith
data/raw/spell/Burn
data/raw/spell/Burnout
data/raw/spell/Burnout II
data/raw/spell/Burnout III
data/raw/spell/Burnout IV
data/raw/spell/Burst of Fire
data/raw/spell/Burst of Flame
data/raw/spell/Burst of Strength
data/raw/spell/Cackling Bones
data/raw/spell/Cadeau of Flame
data/raw/spell/Cajole Undead
data/raw/spell/Cajoling Whispers
data/raw/spell/Calefaction
data/raw/spell/Call of Bones
data/raw/spell/Call of Earth
data/raw/spell/Call of Fire
data/raw/spell/Call of Flame
data/raw/spell/Call of Karana
data/raw/spell/Call of Sky
data/raw/spell/Call of the Hero
data/raw/spell/Call of the Predator
data/raw/spell/Calm
data/raw/spell/Calm Animal
data/raw/spell/Camouflage
data/raw/spell/Cancel Magic
data/raw/spell/Cannibalize
data/raw/spell/Cannibalize II
data/raw/spell/Cannibalize III
data/raw/spell/Cannibalize IV
data/raw/spell/Careless Lightning
data/raw/spell/Cascade of Hail
data/raw/spell/Cascading Darkness
data/raw/spell/Cast Force
data/raw/spell/Cast Sight
data/raw/spell/Cavorting Bones
data/raw/spell/Cazic Gate
data/raw/spell/Cazic Portal
data/raw/spell/Celerity
data/raw/spell/Celestial Cleansing
data/raw/spell/Celestial Elixir
data/raw/spell/Celestial Healing
data/raw/spell/Center
data/raw/spell/Cessation of Cor
data/raw/spell/Chaos Flux
data/raw/spell/Chaotic Feedback
data/raw/spell/Char
data/raw/spell/Charisma
data/raw/spell/Charm
data/raw/spell/Charm Animals
data/raw/spell/Chase the Moon
data/raw/spell/Chill Bones
data/raw/spell/Chill Sight
data/raw/spell/Chilling Embrace
data/raw/spell/Chloroblast
data/raw/spell/Chloroplast
data/raw/spell/Choke
data/raw/spell/Cinder Bolt
data/raw/spell/Cinder Jolt
data/raw/spell/Circle of Butcher
data/raw/spell/Circle of Cobalt Scar
data/raw/spell/Circle of Commons
data/raw/spell/Circle of Feerrott
data/raw/spell/Circle of Force
data/raw/spell/Circle of Great Divide
data/raw/spell/Circle of Iceclad
data/raw/spell/Circle of Karana
data/raw/spell/Circle of Lavastorm
data/raw/spell/Circle of Misty
data/raw/spell/Circle of Ro
data/raw/spell/Circle of Steamfont
data/raw/spell/Circle of Summer
data/raw/spell/Circle of Toxxulia
data/raw/spell/Circle of Wakening Lands
data/raw/spell/Circle of Winter
data/raw/spell/Circle of the Combines
data/raw/spell/Clarify Mana
data/raw/spell/Clarity
data/raw/spell/Clarity II
data/raw/spell/Clinging Darkness
data/raw/spell/Cloud
data/raw/spell/Cobalt Scar Portal
data/raw/spell/Coldlight
data/raw/spell/Collaboration
data/raw/spell/Color Flux
data/raw/spell/Color Shift
data/raw/spell/Color Skew
data/raw/spell/Color Slant
data/raw/spell/Column of Fire
data/raw/spell/Column of Frost
data/raw/spell/Column of Lightning
data/raw/spell/Combine Gate
data/raw/spell/Combine Portal
data/raw/spell/Combust
data/raw/spell/Common Gate
data/raw/spell/Common Portal
data/raw/spell/Companion Spirit
data/raw/spell/Complete Healing
data/raw/spell/Concussion
data/raw/spell/Conflagration
data/raw/spell/Conglaciation of Bone
data/raw/spell/Conjuration Air
data/raw/spell/Conjuration Earth
data/raw/spell/Conjuration Fire
data/raw/spell/Conjuration Water
data/raw/spell/Conjure Corpse
data/raw/spell/Convergence
data/raw/spell/Convoke Shadow
data/raw/spell/Cornucopia
data/raw/spell/Corporeal Empathy
data/raw/spell/Counteract Disease
data/raw/spell/Counteract Poison
data/raw/spell/Courage
data/raw/spell/Covetous Subversion
data/raw/spell/Creeping Crud
data/raw/spell/Creeping Vision
data/raw/spell/Cripple
data/raw/spell/Crystallize Mana
data/raw/spell/Cure Blindness
data/raw/spell/Cure Disease
data/raw/spell/Cure Poison
data/raw/spell/Curse of the Simple Mind
data/raw/spell/Dagger of Symbols
data/raw/spell/Dance of the Fireflies
data/raw/spell/Daring
data/raw/spell/Dark Empathy
data/raw/spell/Dark Pact
data/raw/spell/Dazzle
data/raw/spell/Dead Man Floating
data/raw/spell/Dead Men Floating
data/raw/spell/Deadeye
data/raw/spell/Death Pact
data/raw/spell/Death Peace
data/raw/spell/Deflux
data/raw/spell/Defoliation
data/raw/spell/Deftness
data/raw/spell/Deliriously Nimble
data/raw/spell/Dementia
data/raw/spell/Demi Lich
data/raw/spell/Devouring Darkness
data/raw/spell/Dexterity
data/raw/spell/Dexterous Aura
data/raw/spell/Diamondskin
data/raw/spell/Dictate
data/raw/spell/Dimensional Hole
data/raw/spell/Dimensional Pocket
data/raw/spell/Discordant Mind
data/raw/spell/Disease Cloud
data/raw/spell/Disempower
data/raw/spell/Disintegrate
data/raw/spell/Dismiss Summoned
data/raw/spell/Dismiss Undead
data/raw/spell/Distill Mana
data/raw/spell/Divine Aura
data/raw/spell/Divine Barrier
data/raw/spell/Divine Favor
data/raw/spell/Divine Intervention
data/raw/spell/Divine Light
data/raw/spell/Divine Might
data/raw/spell/Divine Purpose
data/raw/spell/Divine Strength
data/raw/spell/Dizzying Wind
data/raw/spell/Dominate Undead
data/raw/spell/Dooming Darkness
data/raw/spell/Drain Soul
data/raw/spell/Drain Spirit
data/raw/spell/Draught of Fire
data/raw/spell/Draught of Ice
data/raw/spell/Draught of Jiva
data/raw/spell/Dread of Night
data/raw/spell/Drifting Death
data/raw/spell/Drones of Doom
data/raw/spell/Drowsy
data/raw/spell/Dyns Dizzying Draught
data/raw/spell/Dyzils Deafening Decoy
data/raw/spell/Earthquake
data/raw/spell/Ebbing Strength
data/raw/spell/Egress
data/raw/spell/Elemental Air
data/raw/spell/Elemental Armor
data/raw/spell/Elemental Earth
data/raw/spell/Elemental Fire
data/raw/spell/Elemental Maelstrom
data/raw/spell/Elemental Shield
data/raw/spell/Elemental Water
data/raw/spell/Elementaling Air
data/raw/spell/Elementaling Earth
data/raw/spell/Elementaling Fire
data/raw/spell/Elementaling Water
data/raw/spell/Elementalkin Air
data/raw/spell/Elementalkin Earth
data/raw/spell/Elementalkin Fire
data/raw/spell/Elementalkin Water
data/raw/spell/Emissary of Thule
data/raw/spell/Enchant Adamantite
data/raw/spell/Enchant Brellium
data/raw/spell/Enchant Clay
data/raw/spell/Enchant Electrum
data/raw/spell/Enchant Gold
data/raw/spell/Enchant Mithril
data/raw/spell/Enchant Platinum
data/raw/spell/Enchant Silver
data/raw/spell/Enchant Steel
data/raw/spell/Enchant Velium
data/raw/spell/Endure Cold
data/raw/spell/Endure Disease
data/raw/spell/Endure Fire
data/raw/spell/Endure Magic
data/raw/spell/Endure Poison
data/raw/spell/Enduring Breath
data/raw/spell/Energy Storm
data/raw/spell/Enfeeblement
data/raw/spell/Enforced Reverence
data/raw/spell/Engorging Roots
data/raw/spell/Engulfing Darkness
data/raw/spell/Engulfing Roots
data/raw/spell/Enlightenment
data/raw/spell/Enslave Death
data/raw/spell/Ensnare
data/raw/spell/Ensnaring Roots
data/raw/spell/Enstill
data/raw/spell/Enthrall
data/raw/spell/Enticement of Flame
data/raw/spell/Entrance
data/raw/spell/Entrapping Roots
data/raw/spell/Enveloping Roots
data/raw/spell/Envenomed Bolt
data/raw/spell/Envenomed Breath
data/raw/spell/Evacuate
data/raw/spell/Evacuate Fay
data/raw/spell/Evacuate Nek
data/raw/spell/Evacuate North
data/raw/spell/Evacuate Ro
data/raw/spell/Evacuate West
data/raw/spell/Everfount
data/raw/spell/Exile Summoned
data/raw/spell/Exile Undead
data/raw/spell/Expedience
data/raw/spell/Expel Summoned
data/raw/spell/Expel Undead
data/raw/spell/Expulse Summoned
data/raw/spell/Expulse Undead
data/raw/spell/Extinguish Fatigue
data/raw/spell/Eye of Confusion
data/raw/spell/Eye of Tallon
data/raw/spell/Eye of Zomm
data/raw/spell/Eyes of the Cat
data/raw/spell/Fade
data/raw/spell/Fascination
data/raw/spell/Fay Gate
data/raw/spell/Fay Portal
data/raw/spell/Fear
data/raw/spell/Feckless Might
data/raw/spell/Feedback
data/raw/spell/Feet like Cat
data/raw/spell/Feign Death
data/raw/spell/Feral Spirit
data/raw/spell/Fetter
data/raw/spell/Fingers of Fire
data/raw/spell/Fire
data/raw/spell/Fire Bolt
data/raw/spell/Fire Flux
data/raw/spell/Fire Spiral of AlKabor
data/raw/spell/Firefist
data/raw/spell/Firestorm
data/raw/spell/Firestrike
data/raw/spell/Fist of Karana
data/raw/spell/Fixation of Ro
data/raw/spell/Flame Arc
data/raw/spell/Flame Bolt
data/raw/spell/Flame Flux
data/raw/spell/Flame Lick
data/raw/spell/Flame Shock
data/raw/spell/Flaming Sword of Xuzl
data/raw/spell/Flare
data/raw/spell/Flash of Light
data/raw/spell/Fleeting Fury
data/raw/spell/Focus of Spirit
data/raw/spell/Force
data/raw/spell/Force Shock
data/raw/spell/Force Spiral of AlKabor
data/raw/spell/Force Strike
data/raw/spell/Forlorn Deeds
data/raw/spell/Form of the Great Bear
data/raw/spell/Form of the Great Wolf
data/raw/spell/Form of the Howler
data/raw/spell/Form of the Hunter
data/raw/spell/Fortitude
data/raw/spell/Frenzied Spirit
data/raw/spell/Frenzied Strength
data/raw/spell/Frenzy
data/raw/spell/Frost
data/raw/spell/Frost Bolt
data/raw/spell/Frost Rift
data/raw/spell/Frost Shock
data/raw/spell/Frost Spiral of AlKabor
data/raw/spell/Frost Storm
data/raw/spell/Frost Strike
data/raw/spell/Furious Strength
data/raw/spell/Furor
data/raw/spell/Fury
data/raw/spell/Fury of Air
data/raw/spell/Gale of Poison
data/raw/spell/Gasping Embrace
data/raw/spell/Gate
data/raw/spell/Gather Shadows
data/raw/spell/Gaze
data/raw/spell/Gift of Brilliance
data/raw/spell/Gift of Insight
data/raw/spell/Gift of Magic
data/raw/spell/Gift of Pure Thought
data/raw/spell/Gift of Xev
data/raw/spell/Girdle of Karana
data/raw/spell/Glamour
data/raw/spell/Glamour of Kintaz
data/raw/spell/Glamour of Tunare
data/raw/spell/Glimpse
data/raw/spell/Grasping Roots
data/raw/spell/Gravity Flux
data/raw/spell/Great Divide Portal
data/raw/spell/Greater Conjuration Air
data/raw/spell/Greater Conjuration Earth
data/raw/spell/Greater Conjuration Fire
data/raw/spell/Greater Conjuration Water
data/raw/spell/Greater Healing
data/raw/spell/Greater Shielding
data/raw/spell/Greater Summoning Air
data/raw/spell/Greater Summoning Earth
data/raw/spell/Greater Summoning Fire
data/raw/spell/Greater Summoning Water
data/raw/spell/Greater Vocaration Air
data/raw/spell/Greater Vocaration Earth
data/raw/spell/Greater Vocaration Fire
data/raw/spell/Greater Vocaration Water
data/raw/spell/Greater Wolf Form
data/raw/spell/Grim Aura
data/raw/spell/Group Resist Magic
data/raw/spell/Guard
data/raw/spell/Guardian
data/raw/spell/Guardian Spirit
data/raw/spell/Halo of Light
data/raw/spell/Hammer of Requital
data/raw/spell/Hammer of Striking
data/raw/spell/Hammer of Wrath
data/raw/spell/Harmony
data/raw/spell/Harmshield
data/raw/spell/Harvest
data/raw/spell/Haunting Corpse
data/raw/spell/Haze
data/raw/spell/Healing
data/raw/spell/Health
data/raw/spell/Heart Flutter
data/raw/spell/Heat Blood
data/raw/spell/Heat Sight
data/raw/spell/Heroic Bond
data/raw/spell/Heroism
data/raw/spell/Holy Armor
data/raw/spell/Holy Might
data/raw/spell/Hsagras Wrath
data/raw/spell/Hungry Earth
data/raw/spell/Ice
data/raw/spell/Ice Comet
data/raw/spell/Ice Shock
data/raw/spell/Ice Spear of Solist
data/raw/spell/Ice Strike
data/raw/spell/Iceclad Gate
data/raw/spell/Iceclad Portal
data/raw/spell/Icestrike
data/raw/spell/Identify
data/raw/spell/Ignite
data/raw/spell/Ignite Blood
data/raw/spell/Ignite Bones
data/raw/spell/Illusion Air Elemental
data/raw/spell/Illusion Barbarian
data/raw/spell/Illusion Dark Elf
data/raw/spell/Illusion Drybone
data/raw/spell/Illusion Dwarf
data/raw/spell/Illusion Earth Elemental
data/raw/spell/Illusion Erudite
data/raw/spell/Illusion Fire Elemental
data/raw/spell/Illusion Gnome
data/raw/spell/Illusion Half-Elf
data/raw/spell/Illusion Halfling
data/raw/spell/Illusion High Elf
data/raw/spell/Illusion Human
data/raw/spell/Illusion Iksar
data/raw/spell/Illusion Ogre
data/raw/spell/Illusion Skeleton
data/raw/spell/Illusion Spirit Wolf
data/raw/spell/Illusion Tree
data/raw/spell/Illusion Troll
data/raw/spell/Illusion Water Elemental
data/raw/spell/Illusion Werewolf
data/raw/spell/Illusion Wood Elf
data/raw/spell/Imbue Amber
data/raw/spell/Imbue Black Pearl
data/raw/spell/Imbue Black Sapphire
data/raw/spell/Imbue Diamond
data/raw/spell/Imbue Emerald
data/raw/spell/Imbue Fire Opal
data/raw/spell/Imbue Ivory
data/raw/spell/Imbue Jade
data/raw/spell/Imbue Opal
data/raw/spell/Imbue Peridot
data/raw/spell/Imbue Plains Pebble
data/raw/spell/Imbue Rose Quartz
data/raw/spell/Imbue Ruby
data/raw/spell/Imbue Sapphire
data/raw/spell/Imbue Topaz
data/raw/spell/Immobilize
data/raw/spell/Immolate
data/raw/spell/Impart Strength
data/raw/spell/Improved Invis to Undead
data/raw/spell/Improved Invisibility
data/raw/spell/Improved Superior Camouflage
data/raw/spell/Incapacitate
data/raw/spell/Incinerate Bones
data/raw/spell/Infectious Cloud
data/raw/spell/Inferno Shield
data/raw/spell/Inferno Shock
data/raw/spell/Inferno of AlKabor
data/raw/spell/Infusion
data/raw/spell/Inner Fire
data/raw/spell/Insidious Decay
data/raw/spell/Insidious Fever
data/raw/spell/Insidious Malady
data/raw/spell/Insight
data/raw/spell/Insipid Weakness
data/raw/spell/Inspire Fear
data/raw/spell/Intensify Death
data/raw/spell/Invert Gravity
data/raw/spell/Invigor
data/raw/spell/Invisibility
data/raw/spell/Invisibility to Undead
data/raw/spell/Invisibility versus Animals
data/raw/spell/Invisibility versus Undead
data/raw/spell/Invoke Death
data/raw/spell/Invoke Fear
data/raw/spell/Invoke Lightning
data/raw/spell/Invoke Shadow
data/raw/spell/Jolt
data/raw/spell/Julis Animation
data/raw/spell/Jylls Static Pulse
data/raw/spell/Jylls Wave of Heat
data/raw/spell/Jylls Zephyr of Ice
data/raw/spell/Kilans Animation
data/raw/spell/Kintazs Animation
data/raw/spell/Languid Pace
data/raw/spell/Largarns Lamentation
data/raw/spell/Lava Bolt
data/raw/spell/Lava Storm
data/raw/spell/Leach
data/raw/spell/Leatherskin
data/raw/spell/Leering Corpse
data/raw/spell/Legacy of Spike
data/raw/spell/Legacy of Thorn
data/raw/spell/Lesser Conjuration Air
data/raw/spell/Lesser Conjuration Earth
data/raw/spell/Lesser Conjuration Fire
data/raw/spell/Lesser Conjuration Water
data/raw/spell/Lesser Shielding
data/raw/spell/Lesser Summoning Air
data/raw/spell/Lesser Summoning Earth
data/raw/spell/Lesser Summoning Fire
data/raw/spell/Lesser Summoning Water
data/raw/spell/Levant
data/raw/spell/Levitate
data/raw/spell/Lich
data/raw/spell/Life Leech
data/raw/spell/Lifedraw
data/raw/spell/Lifespike
data/raw/spell/Lifetap
data/raw/spell/Light Healing
data/raw/spell/Lightning Blast
data/raw/spell/Lightning Bolt
data/raw/spell/Lightning Shock
data/raw/spell/Lightning Storm
data/raw/spell/Lightning Strike
data/raw/spell/Listless Power
data/raw/spell/Locate Corpse
data/raw/spell/Lull
data/raw/spell/Lull Animal
data/raw/spell/Lure of Flame
data/raw/spell/Lure of Frost
data/raw/spell/Lure of Ice
data/raw/spell/Lure of Lightning
data/raw/spell/Magnify
data/raw/spell/Major Shielding
data/raw/spell/Mala
data/raw/spell/Malaise
data/raw/spell/Malaisement
data/raw/spell/Malignant Dead
data/raw/spell/Malo
data/raw/spell/Malosi
data/raw/spell/Malosini
data/raw/spell/Mana Sieve
data/raw/spell/Manasink
data/raw/spell/Manaskin
data/raw/spell/Manastorm
data/raw/spell/Maniacal Strength
data/raw/spell/Mark of Karn
data/raw/spell/Markars Clash
data/raw/spell/Markars Discord
data/raw/spell/Markars Relocation
data/raw/spell/Mask of the Hunter
data/raw/spell/Memory Blur
data/raw/spell/Memory Flux
data/raw/spell/Mend Bones
data/raw/spell/Mesmerization
data/raw/spell/Mesmerize
data/raw/spell/Mind Wipe
data/raw/spell/Minion of Shadows
data/raw/spell/Minor Conjuration Air
data/raw/spell/Minor Conjuration Earth
data/raw/spell/Minor Conjuration Fire
data/raw/spell/Minor Conjuration Water
data/raw/spell/Minor Healing
data/raw/spell/Minor Illusion
data/raw/spell/Minor Shielding
data/raw/spell/Minor Summoning Air
data/raw/spell/Minor Summoning Earth
data/raw/spell/Minor Summoning Fire
data/raw/spell/Minor Summoning Water
data/raw/spell/Mircyls Animation
data/raw/spell/Mist
data/raw/spell/Modulating Rod
data/raw/spell/Monster Summoning I
data/raw/spell/Monster Summoning II
data/raw/spell/Monster Summoning III
data/raw/spell/Mortal Deftness
data/raw/spell/Muzzle of Mardu
data/raw/spell/Naltrons Mark
data/raw/spell/Nature Walkers Behest
data/raw/spell/Natureskin
data/raw/spell/Nek Gate
data/raw/spell/Nek Portal
data/raw/spell/Nimble
data/raw/spell/North Gate
data/raw/spell/North Portal
data/raw/spell/Nullify Magic
data/raw/spell/Numb the Dead
data/raw/spell/Numbing Cold
data/raw/spell/OKeils Flickering Flame
data/raw/spell/OKeils Radiation
data/raw/spell/Obscure
data/raw/spell/Overwhelming Splendor
data/raw/spell/Pacify
data/raw/spell/Pack Chloroplast
data/raw/spell/Pack Regeneration
data/raw/spell/Pack Spirit
data/raw/spell/Pact of Shadow
data/raw/spell/Panic Animal
data/raw/spell/Panic the Dead
data/raw/spell/Paralyzing Earth
data/raw/spell/Pendrils Animation
data/raw/spell/Phantom Armor
data/raw/spell/Phantom Chain
data/raw/spell/Phantom Leather
data/raw/spell/Phantom Plate
data/raw/spell/Pillage Enchantment
data/raw/spell/Pillar of Fire
data/raw/spell/Pillar of Flame
data/raw/spell/Pillar of Frost
data/raw/spell/Pillar of Lightning
data/raw/spell/Plague
data/raw/spell/Plainsight
data/raw/spell/Pogonip
data/raw/spell/Poison Bolt
data/raw/spell/Poison Storm
data/raw/spell/Porlos Fury
data/raw/spell/Pouch of Quellious
data/raw/spell/Pox of Bertoxxulous
data/raw/spell/Primal Avatar
data/raw/spell/Project Lightning
data/raw/spell/Protect
data/raw/spell/Protection of the Glades
data/raw/spell/Purify Mana
data/raw/spell/Pyrocruor
data/raw/spell/Quickness
data/raw/spell/Quiver of Marr
data/raw/spell/Quivering Veil of Xarn
data/raw/spell/Radiant Visage
data/raw/spell/Rage
data/raw/spell/Rage of Zomm
data/raw/spell/Raging Strength
data/raw/spell/Rain of Blades
data/raw/spell/Rain of Fire
data/raw/spell/Rain of Lava
data/raw/spell/Rain of Spikes
data/raw/spell/Rain of Swords
data/raw/spell/Rampage
data/raw/spell/Rapacious Subversion
data/raw/spell/Rapture
data/raw/spell/Recant Magic
data/raw/spell/Reckless Strength
data/raw/spell/Reckoning
data/raw/spell/Reclaim Energy
data/raw/spell/Regeneration
data/raw/spell/Regrowth
data/raw/spell/Regrowth of the Grove
data/raw/spell/Remedy
data/raw/spell/Rend
data/raw/spell/Renew Bones
data/raw/spell/Renew Elements
data/raw/spell/Renew Summoning
data/raw/spell/Reoccurring Amnesia
data/raw/spell/Repulse Animal
data/raw/spell/Resist Cold
data/raw/spell/Resist Disease
data/raw/spell/Resist Fire
data/raw/spell/Resist Magic
data/raw/spell/Resist Poison
data/raw/spell/Resistant Skin
data/raw/spell/Resolution
data/raw/spell/Rest the Dead
data/raw/spell/Restless Bones
data/raw/spell/Resurrection
data/raw/spell/Resuscitate
data/raw/spell/Retribution
data/raw/spell/Retribution of AlKabor
data/raw/spell/Revive
data/raw/spell/Reviviscence
data/raw/spell/Ring of Butcher
data/raw/spell/Ring of Commons
data/raw/spell/Ring of Feerrott
data/raw/spell/Ring of Great Divide
data/raw/spell/Ring of Iceclad
data/raw/spell/Ring of Karana
data/raw/spell/Ring of Lavastorm
data/raw/spell/Ring of Misty
data/raw/spell/Ring of Ro
data/raw/spell/Ring of Steamfont
data/raw/spell/Ring of Toxxulia
data/raw/spell/Ring of the Combines
data/raw/spell/Riotous Health
data/raw/spell/Rising Dexterity
data/raw/spell/Ro Gate
data/raw/spell/Ro Portal
data/raw/spell/Root
data/raw/spell/Ros Fiery Sundering
data/raw/spell/Rune I
data/raw/spell/Rune II
data/raw/spell/Rune III
data/raw/spell/Rune IV
data/raw/spell/Rune V
data/raw/spell/Sacrifice
data/raw/spell/Sagars Animation
data/raw/spell/Sanity Warp
data/raw/spell/Savage Spirit
data/raw/spell/Scale Skin
data/raw/spell/Scale of Wolf
data/raw/spell/Scars of Sigil
data/raw/spell/Scent of Darkness
data/raw/spell/Scent of Dusk
data/raw/spell/Scent of Shadow
data/raw/spell/Scent of Terris
data/raw/spell/Scintillation
data/raw/spell/Scoriae
data/raw/spell/Scourge
data/raw/spell/Screaming Terror
data/raw/spell/Sedulous Subversion
data/raw/spell/See Invisible
data/raw/spell/Seeking Flame of Seukor
data/raw/spell/Sense Animals
data/raw/spell/Sense Summoned
data/raw/spell/Sense the Dead
data/raw/spell/Sentinel
data/raw/spell/Serpent Sight
data/raw/spell/Servant of Bones
data/raw/spell/Shade
data/raw/spell/Shadow
data/raw/spell/Shadow Compact
data/raw/spell/Shadow Sight
data/raw/spell/Shadow Step
data/raw/spell/Shadow Vortex
data/raw/spell/Shadowbond
data/raw/spell/Shalees Animation
data/raw/spell/Shallow Breath
data/raw/spell/Share Wolf Form
data/raw/spell/Shield of Barbs
data/raw/spell/Shield of Blades
data/raw/spell/Shield of Brambles
data/raw/spell/Shield of Fire
data/raw/spell/Shield of Flame
data/raw/spell/Shield of Lava
data/raw/spell/Shield of Spikes
data/raw/spell/Shield of Thistles
data/raw/spell/Shield of Thorns
data/raw/spell/Shield of Words
data/raw/spell/Shield of the Magi
data/raw/spell/Shielding
data/raw/spell/Shieldskin
data/raw/spell/Shifting Shield
data/raw/spell/Shifting Sight
data/raw/spell/Shiftless Deeds
data/raw/spell/Shock Spiral of AlKabor
data/raw/spell/Shock of Blades
data/raw/spell/Shock of Fire
data/raw/spell/Shock of Flame
data/raw/spell/Shock of Frost
data/raw/spell/Shock of Ice
data/raw/spell/Shock of Lightning
data/raw/spell/Shock of Poison
data/raw/spell/Shock of Spikes
data/raw/spell/Shock of Steel
data/raw/spell/Shock of Swords
data/raw/spell/Shock of the Tainted
data/raw/spell/Shrink
data/raw/spell/Shroud of Death
data/raw/spell/Shroud of Hate
data/raw/spell/Shroud of Pain
data/raw/spell/Shroud of Undeath
data/raw/spell/Shroud of the Spirits
data/raw/spell/Sicken
data/raw/spell/Sight
data/raw/spell/Sight Graft
data/raw/spell/Siphon Life
data/raw/spell/Siphon Strength
data/raw/spell/Sirocco
data/raw/spell/Sisnas Animation
data/raw/spell/Skin Like Diamond
data/raw/spell/Skin Like Nature
data/raw/spell/Skin Like Rock
data/raw/spell/Skin Like Steel
data/raw/spell/Skin Like Wood
data/raw/spell/Skin of the Shadow
data/raw/spell/Smite
data/raw/spell/Snare
data/raw/spell/Soothe
data/raw/spell/Sound of Force
data/raw/spell/Spear of Warding
data/raw/spell/SpellTears of Prexus
data/raw/spell/Sphere of Light
data/raw/spell/Spikecoat
data/raw/spell/Spirit Armor
data/raw/spell/Spirit Pouch
data/raw/spell/Spirit Quickening
data/raw/spell/Spirit Sight
data/raw/spell/Spirit Strength
data/raw/spell/Spirit Strike
data/raw/spell/Spirit Tap
data/raw/spell/Spirit of Bear
data/raw/spell/Spirit of Cat
data/raw/spell/Spirit of Cheetah
data/raw/spell/Spirit of Monkey
data/raw/spell/Spirit of Oak
data/raw/spell/Spirit of Ox
data/raw/spell/Spirit of Scale
data/raw/spell/Spirit of Snake
data/raw/spell/Spirit of Wolf
data/raw/spell/Spirit of the Howler
data/raw/spell/Splurt
data/raw/spell/Spook the Dead
data/raw/spell/Staff of Runes
data/raw/spell/Staff of Symbols
data/raw/spell/Staff of Tracing
data/raw/spell/Staff of Warding
data/raw/spell/Stamina
data/raw/spell/Starfire
data/raw/spell/Starshine
data/raw/spell/Steelskin
data/raw/spell/Stinging Swarm
data/raw/spell/Storm Strength
data/raw/spell/Strength
data/raw/spell/Strength of Earth
data/raw/spell/Strength of Nature
data/raw/spell/Strength of Stone
data/raw/spell/Strengthen
data/raw/spell/Strengthen Death
data/raw/spell/Strike
data/raw/spell/Strip Enchantment
data/raw/spell/Stun
data/raw/spell/Stun Command
data/raw/spell/Succor
data/raw/spell/Succor Butcher
data/raw/spell/Succor East
data/raw/spell/Succor Lavastorm
data/raw/spell/Succor North
data/raw/spell/Succor Ro
data/raw/spell/Suffocate
data/raw/spell/Suffocating Sphere
data/raw/spell/Summon Arrows
data/raw/spell/Summon Bandages
data/raw/spell/Summon Coldstone
data/raw/spell/Summon Companion
data/raw/spell/Summon Corpse
data/raw/spell/Summon Dagger
data/raw/spell/Summon Dead
data/raw/spell/Summon Drink
data/raw/spell/Summon Fang
data/raw/spell/Summon Food
data/raw/spell/Summon Heatstone
data/raw/spell/Summon Orb
data/raw/spell/Summon Ring of Flight
data/raw/spell/Summon Shard of the Core
data/raw/spell/Summon Throwing Dagger
data/raw/spell/Summon Waterstone
data/raw/spell/Summon Wisp
data/raw/spell/Summoning Air
data/raw/spell/Summoning Earth
data/raw/spell/Summoning Fire
data/raw/spell/Summoning Water
data/raw/spell/Sunbeam
data/raw/spell/Sunskin
data/raw/spell/Sunstrike
data/raw/spell/Superior Camouflage
data/raw/spell/Superior Healing
data/raw/spell/Supernova
data/raw/spell/Surge of Enfeeblement
data/raw/spell/Swift Like The Wind
data/raw/spell/Sword of Runes
data/raw/spell/Symbol of Marzin
data/raw/spell/Symbol of Naltron
data/raw/spell/Symbol of Pinzarn
data/raw/spell/Symbol of Ryltan
data/raw/spell/Symbol of Transal
data/raw/spell/Sympathetic Aura
data/raw/spell/Tagars Insects
data/raw/spell/Tainted Breath
data/raw/spell/Talisman of Altuna
data/raw/spell/Talisman of Jasinth
data/raw/spell/Talisman of Kragg
data/raw/spell/Talisman of Shadoo
data/raw/spell/Talisman of Tnarg
data/raw/spell/Talisman of the Brute
data/raw/spell/Talisman of the Cat
data/raw/spell/Talisman of the Raptor
data/raw/spell/Talisman of the Rhino
data/raw/spell/Talisman of the Serpent
data/raw/spell/Taper Enchantment
data/raw/spell/Tashan
data/raw/spell/Tashani
data/raw/spell/Tashania
data/raw/spell/Tashanian
data/raw/spell/Tears of Druzzil
data/raw/spell/Tears of Solusek
data/raw/spell/Tepid Deeds
data/raw/spell/Terrorize Animal
data/raw/spell/The Unspoken Word
data/raw/spell/Theft of Thought
data/raw/spell/Thicken Mana
data/raw/spell/Thistlecoat
data/raw/spell/Thorncoat
data/raw/spell/Thrall of Bones
data/raw/spell/Thunder Strike
data/raw/spell/Thunderbold
data/raw/spell/Thunderclap
data/raw/spell/Tigirs Insects
data/raw/spell/Tishans Clash
data/raw/spell/Tishans Discord
data/raw/spell/Tishans Relocation
data/raw/spell/Togors Insects
data/raw/spell/Torbas Acid Blast
data/raw/spell/Torment of Argli
data/raw/spell/Torpor
data/raw/spell/Torrent of Poison
data/raw/spell/Touch of Night
data/raw/spell/Tox Gate
data/raw/spell/Tox Portal
data/raw/spell/Track Corpse
data/raw/spell/Translocate
data/raw/spell/Translocate Cazic
data/raw/spell/Translocate Combine
data/raw/spell/Translocate Common
data/raw/spell/Translocate Fay
data/raw/spell/Translocate Group
data/raw/spell/Translocate Nek
data/raw/spell/Translocate North
data/raw/spell/Translocate Ro
data/raw/spell/Translocate Tox
data/raw/spell/Translocate West
data/raw/spell/Treeform
data/raw/spell/Tremor
data/raw/spell/Trepidation
data/raw/spell/Trucidation
data/raw/spell/True North
data/raw/spell/Tumultuous Strength
data/raw/spell/Tunares Request
data/raw/spell/Turgurs Insects
data/raw/spell/Turning of the Unnatural
data/raw/spell/Turtle Skin
data/raw/spell/Uleens Animation
data/raw/spell/Ultravision
data/raw/spell/Umbra
data/raw/spell/Unfailing Reverence
data/raw/spell/Unswerving Hammer
data/raw/spell/Upheaval
data/raw/spell/Valiant Companion
data/raw/spell/Valor
data/raw/spell/Vampiric Curse
data/raw/spell/Vampiric Embrace
data/raw/spell/Velocity
data/raw/spell/Vengeance of AlKabor
data/raw/spell/Venom of the Snake
data/raw/spell/Vexing Mordinia
data/raw/spell/Vigilant Spirit
data/raw/spell/Vision
data/raw/spell/Visions of Grandeur
data/raw/spell/Vocarate Air
data/raw/spell/Vocarate Earth
data/raw/spell/Vocarate Fire
data/raw/spell/Vocarate Water
data/raw/spell/Voice Graft
data/raw/spell/Voice of the Berserker
data/raw/spell/Voltaic Draught
data/raw/spell/Wake of Karana
data/raw/spell/Wake of Tranquility
data/raw/spell/Wakening Lands Portal
data/raw/spell/Walking Sleep
data/raw/spell/Wandering Mind
data/raw/spell/Ward Summoned
data/raw/spell/Ward Undead
data/raw/spell/Wave of Enfeeblement
data/raw/spell/Wave of Fear
data/raw/spell/Wave of Healing
data/raw/spell/Weaken
data/raw/spell/Weakness
data/raw/spell/West Gate
data/raw/spell/West Portal
data/raw/spell/Whirl Till You Hurl
data/raw/spell/Whirling Wind
data/raw/spell/Wildfire
data/raw/spell/Wind of Tishani
data/raw/spell/Wind of Tishanian
data/raw/spell/Wind of the North
data/raw/spell/Wind of the South
data/raw/spell/Winds of Gelid
data/raw/spell/Winged Death
data/raw/spell/Winters Roar
data/raw/spell/Wolf Form
data/raw/spell/Wonderous Rapidity
data/raw/spell/Word Divine
data/raw/spell/Word of Healing
data/raw/spell/Word of Health
data/raw/spell/Word of Pain
data/raw/spell/Word of Redemption
data/raw/spell/Word of Restoration
data/raw/spell/Word of Shadow
data/raw/spell/Word of Souls
data/raw/spell/Word of Spirit
data/raw/spell/Word of Vigor
data/raw/spell/Wrath
data/raw/spell/Wrath of AlKabor
data/raw/spell/Wrath of the Elements
data/raw/spell/Yaulp
data/raw/spell/Yaulp II
data/raw/spell/Yaulp III
data/raw/spell/Yaulp IV
data/raw/spell/Yegoreffs Animation
data/raw/spell/Yonder
data/raw/spell/Zumaiks Animation
script/download_classes.py
script/download_spells.py
script/parse_classes.py
script/parse_spells.py
symbol_please/__init__.py
symbol_please/cli.py
symbol_please/config.py
symbol_please/symbol_please.py
symbol_please.egg-info/PKG-INFO
symbol_please.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
symbol_please.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
symbol_please.egg-info/entry_points.txt
symbol_please.egg-info/not-zip-safe
symbol_please.egg-info/requires.txt
symbol_please.egg-info/top_level.txt
symbol_please/data/__init__.py
symbol_please/data/spell_data.json
symbol_please/parser/__init__.py
symbol_please/parser/client.py
symbol_please/parser/level.py
symbol_please/parser/line.py
symbol_please/parser/spell.py
symbol_please/parser/thread.py
symbol_please/ui/__init__.py
symbol_please/ui/overlay_window.py
symbol_please/ui/profile_edit_window.py
symbol_please/ui/profile_select_window.py
symbol_please/ui/res/style.css
tests/test_symbol_please.py
tests/parser/test_line.py